Fix functionref docs being wrong (#200)
R2Northstar/ModdingDocs: docs/source/squirrel/functions.rst

    printt( req + opt )
  }

  void function CallLiteral( void functionref( int, int ) literal )
  {
    literal( RandomInt( 5 ) )
  }

  CallLiteral( FnLiteral )

> You are able to leave out the return type of the functionref if your file is ``untyped``, however this is discouraged to keep compatabliliy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..note ::

  In ``untyped`` files you may leave out the return type of the function reference. Like in function declarations this will default to ``var`` being the return type.
```

    printt( req + opt )
  }

  void function CallLiteral( void functionref( int, int ) literal )
  {
    literal( RandomInt( 5 ) )
  }

  CallLiteral( FnLiteral )

> ..note ::

Reviewer 2: I think a space is needed here for formatting to kick in ^^"

```suggestion
.. note ::
```
